car is not running right now ignition on
Carr is obviously running now
I'm rubbing the motor up a little bit
here and there so what was happening and
why I am doing this here is uh on the
highway the oil gauge is fluctuating up
and down fairly erratically in the high
range like sixty to eighty in even past
eighty a little bit even towards the
screw on the oil pressure gauge there so
I googled it real quick and found out
that the oil pressure sending unit goes
bad often on Jeeps I guess it's a fairly
common problem so
if you can I'm trying to drive and do
this at the same time but if you have a
similar problem go ahead and comment or
you know I'm gonna take this home and
I'm gonna try and you know put the gauge
in and see if that's actually the deal
see how ironic it is I mean it's just
not it's just not very normal and on the
highway when you're at like a constant
cruising speed it just like goes up and
down up and down up and down and then
like it's just high I mean look how high
that is great I've never seen anything
like that high like that so I did smell
a faint electrical like burning smell
but it was brief and I wasn't exactly
sure if it was coming from my car or
another like something outside just I
don't know I'm not really sure so I
don't know I'm gonna give the oil
pressure sending thing in a shop and
then see what happens and yeah if
anybody has any advice or anything go
ahead and let me know Thanks